Yaoyao
Yaoyao Dad
Chu Yao
You are indeed a car god
Say 5 minutes is 5 minutes cow
Zhao Kai, you and I have no grievances
Why did you hurt my family?
No grievances
You son of a bitch
I offended Mr. Miyamoto
Lost the handicap
Did you say I would let you go?
How much do you owe?
Make an offer and I'll pay you back.
make an offer
Eight billion.
Dare to play me
Scared to death baby
Is 800 million a lot?
800 million for a piece of junk like him
It's an astronomical number.
But what about you, Mr. Zhao?
Not enough to open a ball game hahaha
But you?
I lost face in front of Mr. Fang Ben on the account
This breath can be obtained
kill
Release my daughter
I kill and widow
Are you coming at me?